add accesToken to client + add limit to getLastPlayed (#13)
rocktimsaikia/spotify-mini: readme.md

// Get the last played track
const lastPlayedTrack = await spotify.getLastPlayed();
/**
 [
    {
      title: '<track title>',
      artist: '<artist name>',
      album: '<album name>',
   }
 ]
*/

> // If you wish to get a list of the recently played songs, pass the limit option, this can be an integer between 1 and 50

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// To get a specific number of the recently played songs, just pass it to the method (1 < n < 50), default is 1
```
